S-3ASR 1 d97381ds3asr.htm S-3ASR S-3ASR Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2026 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 94-1692300 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2485 Augustine Drive Santa Clara, California 95054 (408) 749-4000 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Ava M. Hahn Senior
Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2485 Augustine Drive Santa Clara, California 95054 (408) 749-4000 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Tad
J. Freese, Esq. Richard Kim, Esq. Latham & Watkins LLP 801 Jefferson Avenue, Suite 300 Redwood City, California 94063 (650) 328-4600 APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form
is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall
become effective on filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is
a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ Table of Contents PROSPECTUS ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. Debt Securities We may offer and sell the securities identified above from time to time in one or more offerings. This prospectus provides you with a general description of
the securities. Each time we offer and sell securities, we will provide a supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the
offering and the amounts, prices and terms of the securities. The supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable
prospectus supplement before you invest in any of our securities. We may offer and sell the securities described in this prospectus and any prospectus
supplement to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods. If any underwriters, dealers or agents are involved in the sale of any of the securities, their names and
any applicable purchase price, fee, commission or discount arrangement between or among them will be set forth, or will be calculable from the information set forth, in the applicable prospectus supplement. See the sections of this prospectus titled
“About this Prospectus” and “Plan of Distribution” for more information. No securities may be sold without delivery of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the offering
of such securities. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE “ RISK FACTORS ” ON PAGE 5 OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND ANY SIMILAR
SECTION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT CONCERNING FACTORS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES. Our common stock
is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “AMD.” On August 12, 2026, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $482.93 per share. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is August 13, 2026. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS Page About This Prospectus 1 Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by
Reference 2 The Company 4 Risk Factors 5 Use of Proceeds 6 Description of Debt Securities 7 Global Securities 15 Plan of Distribution 19 Legal Matters 20 Experts 20 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, as a “well-known
seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, using a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell securities from time to time and in one or more
offerings as described in this prospectus. Each time that we offer and sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the securities being offered and sold and the specific terms
of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may also add, update or
change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable. Before purchasing any securities, you should carefully read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement (and any applicable free writing prospectuses), together with
the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” We have not
authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we
have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We will not make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale
is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any
applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate
otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by
reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or
completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any
applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in this
prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue
reliance on this information. When we refer to “AMD,” “we,” “our,” “us” and the “Company” in
this prospectus, we mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of the applicable series of securities. 1 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available Information We file reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . Our web site address is http://www.amd.com . The information on our web site, however, is not, and should not be deemed
to be, a part of this prospectus. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do
not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided below. Forms of the indenture and other documents establishing the terms of the offered securities are
or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is
qualified in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s
website, as provided above. Incorporation by Reference The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update
and supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained
in this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying
prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC: • Our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Amendment No. 
1 on Form 
10-K/A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2025, filed with the SEC on
February 4, 2026. • The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC
on March 27, 2026. • Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 28,
2026 and June 27, 2026, filed with the SEC on May 
6, 2026 and August 5, 2026 , respectively. • Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20,
 2026 , February 
17, 2026 , February 
24, 2026 , May 
15, 2026 and July 1, 2026 (in each case excluding any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item
7.01). • The description of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, contained in Exhibit
 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025, which was filed with the SEC on February 4, 2026, including any subsequently filed amendments and reports
updating such description. All reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the “Exchange Act” in this prospectus, prior to the termination of this offering but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also
be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. 2 Table of Contents You may request a free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus by writing
or telephoning us at the following address: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Attn: Investor Relations 2485
Augustine Drive Santa Clara, California 95054 (408) 749-4000 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any
accompanying prospectus supplement. 3 Table of Contents THE COMPANY We are a global semiconductor company primarily offering: • Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) accelerators, microprocessors (“CPUs”) for servers,
graphics processing units (“GPUs”), accelerated processing units (“APUs”), data processing units, AI Network Interface Cards, Field Programmable Gate Arrays (“FPGAs”) and adaptive System-on-Chip (“SoC”) products for data centers; • CPUs, APUs, chipsets for desktops and notebooks, discrete GPUs, semi-custom SoC products and development
services; and • embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules, and adaptive SoC products. From time to time, we may also sell or license portions of our intellectual property portfolio. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the
laws of Delaware on May 1, 1969 and became a publicly held company in 1972. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “AMD.” Our mailing address and executive offices are located at
2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 749-4000. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. You should carefully consider the
risk factors incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained in the
applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus before acquiring any of such securities. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. 5 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. 6 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following description, together with the additional information we include in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, summarizes
certain general terms and provisions of the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt securities, we will describe the specific terms of the series in a supplement to this prospectus.
We will also indicate in the supplement to what extent the general terms and provisions described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt securities. References to “indenture” mean the indenture dated as of June 9,
2022, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. We may issue debt securities either separately, or together with, or upon
the conversion or exercise of or in exchange for, other securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities may be our senior, senior subordinated or subordinated obligations and, unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this prospectus,
the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and may be issued in one or more series. The debt securities will be issued under the
indenture. We have summarized select portions of the indenture below. The summary is not complete. The indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement and you should read the indenture for provisions that may be important to
you. In the summary below, we have included references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can easily locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the indenture. As used in this section only, “AMD,” “we,” “our” or “us” refer to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., excluding
our subsidiaries, unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. General The terms of each series of debt securities will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of directors and set forth or determined in the
manner provided in a resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate or by a supplemental indenture. (Section 2.2) The particular terms of each series of debt securities will be described in a prospectus supplement relating
to such series (including any pricing supplement or term sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities under the indenture that may be in
one or more series with the same or various maturities, at par, at a premium or at a discount. (Section 2.1) We will set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt securities
being offered, the aggregate principal amount and the following terms of the debt securities, if applicable: • the title and ranking of the debt securities (including the terms of any subordination provisions); • the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount) at which we will sell the debt
securities; • any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities; • the date or dates on which the principal of the securities of the series is payable; • the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates
(including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the debt securities will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will commence and be payable
and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; • the place or places where principal of, and interest, if any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the
method of such payment), where the securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to us in respect of the debt securities may be delivered; 7 Table of Contents • the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which we may
redeem the debt securities; • any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous
provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and in the terms and conditions upon which securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part,
pursuant to such obligation; • the dates on which and the price or prices at which we will repurchase debt securities at the option of the
holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and provisions of these repurchase obligations; • the denominations in which the debt securities will be issued, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any
integral multiple thereof; • whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of certificated debt securities or global debt securities; • the portion of principal amount of the debt securities payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity
date, if other than the principal amount; • the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which may be United States Dollars or any foreign currency,
and if such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency; • the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of principal of, premium and
interest on the debt securities will be made; • if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the debt securities will be made in one or more currencies or
currency units other than that or those in which the debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to these payments will be determined; • the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities
will be determined, if these amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; • any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities; • any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default described in this prospectus or in the indenture
with respect to the debt securities and any change in the acceleration provisions described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants described in this prospectus or in the indenture with
respect to the debt securities; • any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect
to the debt securities; • the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of such series, including if
applicable, the conversion or exchange price and period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange; • any other terms of the debt securities, which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of the indenture as
it applies to that series, including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the securities; and • whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will guarantee the debt securities of that series, including
the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. (Section 2.2) 8 Table of Contents We may issue debt securities that provide for an amount less than their stated principal amount to be due
and payable upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the federal income tax considerations and other special considerations applicable to any of these debt
securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price of any of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies
or a foreign currency unit or units or if the principal of and any premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, we will provide you with information on the
restrictions, elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such foreign currency or currencies or foreign currency unit or units in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each debt
security will be represented by either one or more global securities registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company, or the Depositary, or a nominee of the Depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a global debt security
as a “book-entry debt security”), or a certificate issued in definitive registered form (we will refer to any debt security represented by a certificated security as a “certificated debt security”) as set forth in the
applicable prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the heading “Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below, book-entry debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form. Certificated Debt Securities. You may transfer or exchange certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this purpose in accordance with the
terms of the indenture. (Section 2.4) No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection
with a transfer or exchange. (Section 2.7) You may effect the transfer of certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal of, premium
and interest on certificated debt securities only by surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee of
a new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System. Each global debt security representing book-entry debt securities will
be deposited with, or on behalf of, the Depositary and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary. Please see “Global Securities.” Covenants We will set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement any restrictive covenants applicable to any issue of debt securities. (Article IV) No Protection in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not contain any provisions which may afford holders of the
debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a change in control) which could adversely affect holders of debt securities. 9 Table of Contents Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any person (a
“successor person”) unless: • we are the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than AMD) is a corporation, partnership, trust or
other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indenture; and • immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing. Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its
properties to us. (Section 5.1) Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any series of debt securities, any of the following: • default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of that series when it becomes due and payable and
continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of the payment is deposited by us with the trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the 30-day period); • default in the payment of principal of any security of that series at its maturity; • default in the performance or breach of any other covenant or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a
covenant or warranty that has been included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than that series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive written notice from the trustee or
AMD and the trustee receives written notice from the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in the indenture; • certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of AMD; • any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt securities of that series that is described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. (Section 6.1) No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt securities (except as
to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. (Section 6.1) The occurrence of certain Events of Default or an acceleration under the
indenture may constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will provide the
trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what
action we are taking or propose to take in respect thereof. (Section 6.1) If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of any series at
the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders),
declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of (or, if the debt securities of that series are discount securities, that portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, on all debt securities of that series. In the case of an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid 10 Table of Contents interest, if any, on all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holder of outstanding
debt securities. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal and interest, if any,
with respect to debt securities of that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. (Section 6.2) We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the particular
provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The
indenture will provide that the trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture unless the trustee receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which might be
incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. (Section 7.1(e)) Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right
to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series. (Section 6.12) No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the indenture or for the
appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy under the indenture, unless: • that holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to
debt securities of that series; and • the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made
written request, and offered indemnity or security satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not received from the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute the proceeding within 60 days. (Section 6.7) Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the
principal of, premium and any interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. (Section 6.8) The indenture will require us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with the indenture.
(Section 4.3) If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall mail to each holder of the securities of that series
notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee may withhold notice to the
holders of debt securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good faith that withholding notice is
in the interest of the holders of those debt securities. (Section 7.5) Modification and Waiver We and the trustee may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any debt security: • to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; 11 Table of Contents • to comply with covenants in the indenture described above under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale
of Assets”; • to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or in place of certificated securities; • to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any series or secure debt securities of any series; • to surrender any of our rights or powers under the indenture; • to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of debt securities of any series; • to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; • to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of debt securities; • to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of debt securities of any series
as permitted by the indenture; • to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to the debt securities of any series and to add to
or change any of the provisions of the indenture to provide for or facilitate administration by more than one trustee; or • to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the indenture under
the Trust Indenture Act. (Section 9.1) We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt security then
outstanding if that amendment will: • reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; • reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any debt security; • reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed maturity of any debt security or reduce the amount of,
or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any series of debt securities; • reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable upon acceleration of maturity; • waive a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or interest on any debt security (except a rescission
of acceleration of the debt securities of any series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of that series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such
acceleration); • make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt security payable in currency other than that stated in
the debt security; • make any change to certain provisions of the indenture relating to, among other things, the right of holders of
debt securities to receive payment of the principal of, premium and interest on those debt securities and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and to waivers or amendments; or • waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt security. (Section 9.3) Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf
of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture. (Section 9.2) The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of
all the debt securities of such series 12 Table of Contents waive any past default under the indenture with respect to that series and its consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or any interest on any debt security of
that series; provided, however, that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from the
acceleration. (Section 6.13) Defeasance of Debt Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal Defeasance . The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, we may be
discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We will be so discharged upon the irrevocable deposit with the trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations
or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance
with their terms, will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal,
premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that we have received from, or there has
been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based
thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject
to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred. (Section 8.3) Defeasance of Certain Covenants . The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities,
upon compliance with certain conditions: • we may omit to comply with the covenant described under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of
Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and • any omission to comply with those covenants will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to
the debt securities of that series (“covenant defeasance”). The conditions include: • depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities
denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide
money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal of, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments
in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities; and • delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel and officer’s certificate to the effect that the holders of
the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same
amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit and related covenant defeasance had not occurred. (Section 8.4) 13 Table of Contents No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or Securityholders None of our past, present or future directors, officers, employees or securityholders, as such, will have any liability for any of our obligations under the
debt securities or the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and release is part of the
consideration for the issue of the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. Governing Law The indenture and the debt securities,
including any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably waive, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated thereby. The indenture will provide that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or the transactions contemplated thereby may
be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee and the holder of the debt securities (by
their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will further provide that service of any
process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding
brought in any such court. The indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any
suit, action or other proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. (Section 10.10) 14 Table of Contents GLOBAL SECURITIES Book-Entry, Delivery and Form Unless we indicate
differently in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the securities initially will be issued in book-entry form and represented by one or more global notes or global securities, or, collectively, global securities. The
global securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, as depositary, or DTC, and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC. Unless and until it is exchanged for
individual certificates evidencing securities under the limited circumstances described below, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary to its nominee or by the nominee to the depositary, or by the depositary or
its nominee to a successor depositary or to a nominee of the successor depositary. DTC has advised us that it is: • a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law; • a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law; • a member of the Federal Reserve System; • a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code; and • a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among its participants of securities
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. “Direct
participants” in DTC include securities brokers and dealers, including underwriters, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation, or DTCC. DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries.
Access to the DTC system is also available to others, which we sometimes refer to as indirect participants, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct participant, either directly or indirectly. The rules applicable to DTC
and its participants are on file with the SEC. Purchases of securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will
receive a credit for the securities on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of the actual purchaser of a security, which we sometimes refer to as a beneficial owner, is in turn recorded on the direct and indirect participants’ records.
Beneficial owners of securities will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. However, beneficial owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of their transactions, as well as periodic statements of
their holdings, from the direct or indirect participants through which they purchased securities. Transfers of ownership interests in global securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of
beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the global securities, except under the limited circumstances described below. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all global securities deposited by direct participants with DTC will be registered in the name of DTC’s partnership
nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee will not change the
beneficial ownership of the securities. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the securities are credited, which may or may
not be the beneficial owners. The participants are responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 15 Table of Contents So long as the securities are in book-entry form, you will receive payments and may transfer securities only
through the facilities of the depositary and its direct and indirect participants. We will maintain an office or agency in the location specified in the prospectus supplement for the applicable securities, where notices and demands in respect of the
securities and the indenture may be delivered to us and where certificated securities may be surrendered for payment, registration of transfer or exchange. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants and by direct participants and
indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any legal requirements in effect from time to time. Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the securities of a particular series are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by
lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant in the securities of such series to be redeemed. Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (or such
other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the securities. Under its usual procedures, DTC will mail an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns the consenting or voting rights of
Cede & Co. to those direct participants to whose accounts the securities of such series are credited on the record date, identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. So long as securities are in book-entry form, we will make payments on those securities to the depositary or its nominee, as the registered owner of such
securities, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If securities are issued in definitive certificated form under the limited circumstances described below and unless if otherwise provided in the description of the applicable securities
herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will have the option of making payments by check mailed to the addresses of the persons entitled to payment or by wire transfer to bank accounts in the United States designated in writing to the
applicable trustee or other designated party at least 15 days before the applicable payment date by the persons entitled to payment, unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the applicable trustee or other designated party. Redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments on the securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by
an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit direct participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us on the payment date in accordance with their respective
holdings shown on DTC records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the account of customers in bearer form or registered in
“street name.” Those payments will be the responsibility of participants and not of DTC or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend
payments to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC, is our responsibility, disbursement of payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to
the beneficial owners is the responsibility of direct and indirect participants. Except under the limited circumstances described below, purchasers of
securities will not be entitled to have securities registered in their names and will not receive physical delivery of securities. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of DTC and its participants to exercise any rights
under the securities and the indenture. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of
securities in definitive form. Those laws may impair the ability to transfer or pledge beneficial interests in securities. DTC may discontinue providing
its services as securities depositary with respect to the securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to us. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depositary is not obtained, securities certificates are required to be
printed and delivered. 16 Table of Contents As noted above, beneficial owners of a particular series of securities generally will not receive
certificates representing their ownership interests in those securities. However, if: • DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the global security or securities
representing such series of securities or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act at a time when it is required to be registered and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days of the notification to us or
of our becoming aware of DTC’s ceasing to be so registered, as the case may be; • we determine, in our sole discretion, not to have such securities represented by one or more global securities;
or • an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities, we will prepare and deliver certificates for such securities in exchange for beneficial interests in the global securities. Any
beneficial interest in a global security that is exchangeable under the circumstances described in the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities in definitive certificated form registered in the names that the depositary directs. It is
expected that these directions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from its participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global securities. Euroclear and Clearstream If so provided in the
applicable prospectus supplement, you may hold interests in a global security through Clearstream Banking S.A., which we refer to as “Clearstream,” or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, which we refer to as
“Euroclear,” either directly if you are a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear or indirectly through organizations which are participants in Clearstream or Euroclear. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their
respective participants through customers’ securities accounts in the names of Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, on the books of their respective U.S. depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers’ securities
accounts in such depositaries’ names on DTC’s books. Clearstream and Euroclear are securities clearance systems in Europe. Clearstream and
Euroclear hold securities for their respective participating organizations and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between those participants through electronic book-entry changes in their accounts, thereby eliminating
the need for physical movement of certificates. Payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and other matters relating to beneficial interests in
global securities owned through Euroclear or Clearstream must comply with the rules and procedures of those systems. Transactions between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on one hand, and other participants in DTC, on the other hand, are
also subject to DTC’s rules and procedures. Investors will be able to make and receive through Euroclear and Clearstream payments, deliveries,
transfers and other transactions involving any beneficial interests in global securities held through those systems only on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and
other institutions are open for business in the United States. Cross-market transfers between participants in DTC, on the one hand, and participants in
Euroclear or Clearstream, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with the DTC’s rules on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by their respective U.S. depositaries; however, such cross-market
transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by the counterparty in such system in accordance with the rules and procedures and within the established deadlines (European time) of such system.
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in the
global securities through DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day fund settlement. Participants in Euroclear or Clearstream may not deliver instructions directly
to their respective U.S. depositaries. 17 Table of Contents Due to time zone differences, the securities accounts of a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream
purchasing an interest in a global security from a direct participant in DTC will be credited, and any such crediting will be reported to the relevant participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, during the securities settlement processing day (which
must be a business day for Euroclear or Clearstream) immediately following the settlement date of DTC. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream as a result of sales of interests in a global security by or through a participant in Euroclear or
Clearstream to a direct participant in DTC will be received with value on the settlement date of DTC but will be available in the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream cash account only as of the business day for Euroclear or Clearstream following
DTC’s settlement date. Other The
information in this section of this prospectus concerning DTC, Clearstream, Euroclear and their respective book-entry systems has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not take responsibility for this information. This
information has been provided solely as a matter of convenience. The rules and procedures of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear are solely within the control of those organizations and could change at any time. Neither we nor the trustee nor any agent
of ours or of the trustee has any control over those entities and none of us takes any responsibility for their activities. You are urged to contact DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants directly to discuss those matters.
In addition, although we expect that DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear will perform the foregoing procedures, none of them is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued at any time.
Neither we nor any agent of ours will have any responsibility for the performance or nonperformance by DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants of these or any other rules or procedures governing their respective operations. 18 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the offered securities from time to time: • through underwriters or dealers; • through agents; • directly to one or more purchasers; or • through a combination of any of these methods of sale. We will identify the specific plan of distribution, including any underwriters, dealers, agents or direct purchasers and their compensation in the applicable
prospectus supplement. 19 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the issuance and sale of the securities offered hereby on behalf of Advanced
Micro Devices, Inc. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. appearing in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 27, 2025, and the effectiveness of
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, have been audited by Ernst & Young
LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their reports thereon included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements are, and audited financial statements to be included in subsequently filed
documents will be, incorporated herein in reliance upon the reports of Ernst & Young LLP pertaining to such financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the respective dates (to the
extent covered by consents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 20 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is an estimate of the expenses (all of which are to be paid by the registrant) that we may incur in connection with the securities being
registered hereby. SEC registration fee $ (1) Printing expenses $ (2) Legal fees and expenses $ (2) Accounting fees and expenses $ (2) Trustee fees and expenses $ (2) Miscellaneous $ (2) Total $ (2) (1) Pursuant to Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the SEC registration fee will
be paid at the time of any particular offering of securities under the registration statement, and is therefore not currently determinable. (2) These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be
estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, empowers a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation)
by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person
acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s
conduct was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent
that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the
extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against II-1 Table of Contents expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under
Section 145. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating
or limiting the personal liability of a director or an officer to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or an officer, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the
liability of (i) a director or an officer for any breach of the director’s or officer’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) a director or an officer for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) a director under Section 174 of the DGCL, (iv) a director or an officer for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit, or
(v) an officer in any action by or in the right of the corporation. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides for this limitation of liability for our directors (but not for our officers). Any underwriting agreement or distribution agreement that the registrant enters into with any underwriters or agents involved in the offering or sale of any
securities registered hereby may require such underwriters or dealers to indemnify the registrant, some or all of its directors and officers and its controlling persons, if any, for specified liabilities, which may include liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Article VIII of our bylaws, as amended, provides for indemnification of our directors or officers or those
individuals serving at our request as a director or officer of another organization, to the extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, we are bound by agreements with certain of our directors and officers which obligate us to indemnify such
persons in various circumstances. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been
advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. We have in effect a directors and officers liability insurance policy
indemnifying our directors and officers and the directors and officers of our subsidiaries within a specific limit for certain liabilities incurred by them, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We pay the entire premium of this policy. We have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements require us, among other
things, to indemnify such director or officer against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such individual in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
arising out of such individual’s status or service as one of our directors or officers, provided that such individual acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests and, in the
case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful, and to advance expenses incurred by such individual in connection with any proceeding against such individual with respect to which such
individual may be entitled to indemnification by us. II-2 Table of Contents We believe that our certificate of incorporation and bylaw provisions, our directors and officers liability
insurance policy and our indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons to serve as our directors and officers. Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 1.1* Form of Underwriting Agreement. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., filed as Exhibit 3.1 to AMD’s Current Report
 on Form 8-K/A dated May 14, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., as amended on February 13, 2024, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 20, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference. 4.1 Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022, between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMD’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 4.2* Form of Note. 5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP. 23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 23.2 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 24.1 Powers of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page hereto). 25.1 Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, of U.S. Bank Trust
 Company, National Association, as trustee filed as Exhibit 25.1 to AMD’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated June 6, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference. 107 Filing Fee Table * To be filed by amendment or incorporated by reference in connection with the offering of the securities. Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or
any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and
(a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or II-3 Table of Contents furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or
is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is a part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the
purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any
of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (5) That, for the purpose of determining
liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall
be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule
430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration
statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes
of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the
offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or
made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date,
supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (6) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial
distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned
registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the
undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the
undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information
about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other
communications that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II-4 Table of Contents (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any
liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit
plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered
therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (h)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised
that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Santa Clara, State of
California, on this 13th day of August, 2026. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. By: /s/ Jean Hu Jean Hu Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each of the undersigned officers and directors of the registrant hereby severally constitutes and appoints Lisa T. Su, and Jean Hu, and each of them singly
(with full power to each of them to act alone), as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution in each of
them, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, and in any and all capacities, to file and sign any and all amendments, including post-effective amendments, to this registration statement and any other registration statement for the
same offering that is to be effective under Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith and about the premises as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney shall be governed by and
construed with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal securities laws. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Lisa T. Su Lisa T. Su President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), and Chair of the Board August 13, 2026 /s/ Jean Hu Jean Hu Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) August 13, 2026 /s/ Emily Ellis Emily Ellis Corporate Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) August 13, 2026 /s/ Nora M. Denzel Nora M. Denzel Lead Independent Director August 13, 2026 /s/ Michael P. Gregoire Michael P. Gregoire Director August 13, 2026 II-6 Table of Contents SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Joseph A. Householder Joseph A. Householder Director August 13, 2026 /s/ John W. Marren John W. Marren Director August 13, 2026 /s/ KC McClure KC McClure Director August 13, 2026 /s/ Abhi Y. Talwalkar Abhi Y. Talwalkar Director August 13, 2026 /s/ Elizabeth W. Vanderslice Elizabeth W. Vanderslice Director August 13, 2026 II-7