tenb-20260910 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 __________________ FORM 8-K __________________ CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): September 10, 2026 __________________ TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) __________________ Delaware 001-38600 47-5580846 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6100 Merriweather Drive , Columbia , Maryland , 21044 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) ( 410 ) 872-0555 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) __________________ Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share TENB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Indenture and Notes On September 15, 2026, Tenable Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) completed its previously announced private offering (the “Offering”) of $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the “Notes”), including the exercise in full of the initial purchasers’ option to purchase up to an additional $75,000,000 principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated September 15, 2026 (the “Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on September 15, 2031, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The Notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.25% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2027. Holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 15, 2031 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2026 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “common stock”), for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 150% of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any 10 consecutive trading day period (the “measurement period”) in which the “trading price” (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called, in the case of an optional redemption (as defined below)) for redemption; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as set forth in the Indenture. On or after June 15, 2031 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company’s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Company’s conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture. The conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 22.3005 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $44.84 per share of common stock). The initial conversion price of the Notes represents a premium of approximately 40% over the last reported sale price of $32.03 per share of the common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 10, 2026. The conversion rate for the Notes is subject to adjustment in some events in accordance with the terms of the Indenture but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the Notes for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its Notes called (or deemed called, in the case of an optional redemption) for redemption during the related redemption period (as set forth in the Indenture), as the case may be. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to September 20, 2029, except in the event of a cleanup redemption (as defined below). The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to certain limitations described in the Indenture), at its option, on a redemption date on or after September 20, 2029 and before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date if the last reported sale price of the common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price for the Notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the related notice of redemption (such redemption, an “optional redemption”). In addition, subject to certain conditions described in the Indenture, the Company may redeem for cash all, but not less than all, of the Notes at any time before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date if the aggregate principal amount of the Notes that remains outstanding at such time is less than $80,000,000 (such redemption, a “cleanup redemption”). The redemption price for any optional redemption or cleanup redemption will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, to, but excluding, the relevant redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. If the Company undergoes a “fundamental change” (as defined in the Indenture), then, subject to certain conditions and except as described in the Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Indenture includes customary covenants and sets forth certain events of default. The following events are considered “events of default” under the Indenture: • default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable and the default continues for a period of 30 days; • default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon cleanup redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; • failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with the Indenture upon exercise of a holder’s conversion right, and such failure continues for three business days; • failure by the Company to give (i) a fundamental change notice or notice of a make-whole fundamental change, in either case when due and such failure continues for five business days, or (ii) notice of a specified corporate transaction when due and such failure continues for three business days; • failure by the Company to comply with its obligations in respect of any consolidation, merger or sale of assets; • failure by the Company to comply with any of the other agreements in the Notes or the Indenture for 60 days after receipt of written notice of such failure from the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; • default by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $75,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent), in the aggregate of the Company and/or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 45 days after written notice to the Company by the trustee or to the Company and the trustee by holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Indenture; and • certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries. If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default occur with respect to the Company, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, on, all of the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become due and payable. If an event of default with respect to the Notes, other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default with respect to the Company, occurs and is continuing, the trustee, by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the trustee, may, declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company so elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to the Company’s failure to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture will, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the Notes. The Indenture provides that the Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Company’s direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries), unless: (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee person (if not the Company) is a “qualified successor entity” (as defined in the Indenture) (such qualified successor entity, the “successor entity”) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and such successor entity (if not the Company) expressly assumes by supplemental indenture all of the Company’s obligations under the Notes and the Indenture; and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such business combination event, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture. A copy of the Indenture is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 (including the form of the Notes attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2) and is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document). Capped Call Transactions On September 10, 2026, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, and on September 14, 2026, in connection with the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions, pursuant to capped call confirmations in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document). The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Notes, the number of shares of the common stock initially underlying the Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on a cap price initially equal to $64.06 per share (which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of the common stock of $32.03 per share on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 10, 2026), and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. Proceeds The Company’s net proceeds from the Offering were approximately $778.8 million after deducting the initial purchasers’ discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used the net proceeds from the Offering (i) to pay the approximately $64.1 million cost of the capped call transactions described above, (ii) to repurchase approximately $170.5 million of its common stock concurrently with the pricing of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected with or through one of the initial purchasers of the Notes or its affiliate and (iii) to pay the cost of repaying in full the term loans under its credit agreement, dated July 7, 2021, as amended, by and among the Company, Tenable, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders from time to time thereto (the “Credit Agreement”). The Company expects to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include additional share repurchases, acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary businesses or technologies, working capital, operating expenses, capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. The Credit Agreement was terminated effective September 15, 2026. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement or a Registrant. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The Company offered and sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and for resale by the initial purchasers to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations made by the initial purchasers in the purchase agreement dated September 10, 2026 by and among the Company and the representatives of the initial purchasers. The Notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The Company does not intend to file a registration statement for the resale of the Notes or any shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. Based on the initial conversion rate, the Notes are convertible into 17,840,400 shares of common stock and, in limited circumstances, are convertible into a maximum of 24,976,560 shares of common stock. The Notes are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. To the extent that any shares of common stock are issued upon conversion of the Notes, they will be issued in transactions anticipated to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) thereof because no commission or other remuneration is expected to be paid in connection with conversion of the Notes and any resulting issuance of shares of common stock. Item 8.01 Other Events. Press Releases On September 10, 2026, the Company issued a press release announcing the proposed Offering. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On September 10, 2026, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Notes. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. Forward-Looking Statements Any statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K that are not based on historical fact are forward looking statements, including statements concerning capped call transactions, including the potential dilution reduction, the conversion of the Notes, the anticipated use of proceeds from the Offering including the repayment of the term loans under the Company’s Credit Agreement. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “seek,” “plan,” “project,” “target,” “looking ahead,” “look to,” “move into,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K represent management’s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, the Company’s actual outcome and results are not guaranteed and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions (“Future Factors”), and may differ materially from what is expressed. For a description of Future Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, see the discussion under the section “Risk Factors” included in the Company’s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for the year ended December 31, 2025, in the Company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2026 and June 30, 2026 and other filings that the Company makes from time to time with the SEC, which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date on which they were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 15 , 2026, by and between Tenable Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee 4.2 Form of Global Note, representing Tenable Holdings, Inc.’s 0.25 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1) 10.1 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions 99.1 Press release titled “Tenable Holdings, Inc. Announces Proposed Private Placement of $ 650.0 Million of Convertible Senior Notes,” dated September 10 , 2026 99.2 Press release titled “Tenable Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized $ 725 .0 Million Offering of Convertible Senior Notes,” dated September 10 , 2026 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from Tenable's 8-K filed on September 15, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. TENABLE HOLDINGS, INC. Date: September 15, 2026 By: /s/ Michelle VonderHaar Michelle VonderHaar Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
